README.md, before:

# Project Mars War
A django based website to keep track of competitive DDR performance

## Getting Started
#### Prereqs
- Create a PostgreSQL database. This can be done with a standalone server or with docker
- Create a file in the root of the project called `.env` and fill it in with the following, replacing what is in angle brackets:
```
# Django secret key. Make this a long string!
SECRET_KEY=<long random string>

# Django variables
# Set to True for dev. False for production
DEBUG=True

# Database config. Change these if you are using a different DB setup
DB_USER=postgres
DB_PASSWORD=postgres
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_PORT=5432

# Various API tokens
STARTGG_API_TOKEN=<API token obtained from start.gg>
LIFE4_USER=<your email used to sign it>
LIFE4_PASSWORD=<your password>
```

#### Setting up the environment
```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 manage.py migrate
python3 manage.py createsuperuser
```

#### Populating player data
```
python3 manage.py initiate_player_data -a -l -c 5
```
This will look for all tournaments and populate tournament, player, and match data into the database. `-a` will look for all tournaments available. The `-l` flag is if you want to include life4 data. `-c` is for display purposes only and show the rankings of people that have more than 5 matches played

```
python3 manage.py adjust_ranks -c 5
```
This will compare everyones ratings and assign a rank to players. `-c 5` is for ranking players that have more than 5 matches played.

## Deploying
If you have a server available to run things from, you can use the included `docker-compose.yml` file to do so with Docker. 
```
docker-compose up -d
```
This will stand up everything but does not start the HTTPS server or create the certificate

#### Certificate creation
Next we will need to create a certificate to enable the HTTPS portion of the server. Replace the angle bracket part with your website name:
```
docker-compose run --rm  certbot certonly --webroot --webroot-path /var/www/certbot/ -d <example.org>
```
This will get a cert and put it in the location that nginx will look for. After this is done, open up the `nginx.conf` and uncomment the HTTPS portion of the config. Then, restart the containers
```
docker-compose restart
```

Commit message:

Moved data to outside app directory. Added env vars for postgres. Added some tailwind stuff

README.md, after:

# Project Mars War
A django based website to keep track of competitive DDR performance

## Getting Started
#### Prereqs
- Create a PostgreSQL database. This can be done with a standalone server or with docker
- Create a file in the root of the project called `.env` and fill it in with the following, replacing what is in angle brackets:
```
# Django secret key. Make this a long string!
SECRET_KEY=<long random string>

# Django variables
# Set to True for dev. False for production
DEBUG=True

# Database config. Change these if you are using a different DB setup
DB_USER=postgres
DB_PASSWORD=postgres
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_PORT=5432

# Various API tokens
STARTGG_API_TOKEN=<API token obtained from start.gg>
LIFE4_USER=<your email used to sign it>
LIFE4_PASSWORD=<your password>
```

#### Setting up the environment
```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 manage.py migrate
python3 manage.py createsuperuser
```

#### Populating player data
```
python3 manage.py initiate_player_data -a -l -c 5
```
This will look for all tournaments and populate tournament, player, and match data into the database. `-a` will look for all tournaments available. The `-l` flag is if you want to include life4 data. `-c` is for display purposes only and show the rankings of people that have more than 5 matches played

```
python3 manage.py adjust_ranks -c 5
```
This will compare everyones ratings and assign a rank to players. `-c 5` is for ranking players that have more than 5 matches played.

## Deploying
If you have a server available to run things from, you can use the included `docker-compose.yml` file to do so with Docker. 
```
docker-compose up
```
This will stand up everything but does not start the HTTPS server or create the certificate. While django populates player data, create the cert in another session

#### Certificate creation
Next we will need to create a certificate to enable the HTTPS portion of the server. Replace the angle bracket part with your website name:
```
docker-compose run --rm  certbot certonly --webroot --webroot-path /var/www/certbot/ -d <example.org>
```
This will get a cert and put it in the location that nginx will look for. After this is done, open up the `nginx.conf` and uncomment the HTTPS portion of the config. Then, restart the nginx container.
```
docker-compose restart nginx
```
